PRC 9:4... Lo, HIS tears healed even the deepest of wounds; the droplets would spur LYFE wherever they fell.
PRC 1:30... HE is our shepherd, and cradles those who've passed while waiting for the reckoning of our kind; HE holds them with loving arms.
PRC 29:1... And with the wisdom given to the Six, HE quietly leads us forward through their works, for they are each a limb of the Word once spoken.
PRC 3:5... One needn't fear the night if they've faith, for faith in HIM will outshine any encroaching darkness.
PRC 60:5... With the wave of a hand, HE could turn back the tide of the Unmaker, and impart upon the land peace and justice.
PRC 1:4... HE gifted his people the light above, and when they grew weary of its demanding gaze, HE gave them the gentle rest of night.
PRC 1:2... HE molded law to meet the demands of the flock, a studious gaze quietly laboring over our realm and its bounds.
PRC 4:6... Praecursor's somber gaze looks down upon us all, for He hopes that we too will all be penitent, to follow in the footsteps of His holy Word.
PRC 3:3... And upon failure, the Custodian cried for help and HE answered, giving man the gift of blessed silver.
PRC 6:32... And upon seeing HIM, she screamed and wept at his sandals, for the Auxentine had planted the dangerous seeds of ego within their own worshippers.
PRC 1:9... HE met their maddened gaze with kindness and extended a hand despite their blade, for HE understood the true path of righteousness.
PRC 1:5... And when they could not protect themselves, HE gave them the gifts of knowledge and cunning, so that they would learn to overcome fears and enemies alike.
PRC 35:50... The Moon-Witness's grim truth and the blasphemer, the Unmaker it had loosed, was still met with HIS forgiving hands; the moment they pushed HIM away, they doomed the lands to disorder.
PRC 80:2... The fighting stopped as they all watched the heavens; HE had struck the DOOMSTAR alone and with it, sealed the lands in an immense light.
PRC 80:9... HIS silence is one of lesson; To correct the holy and unholy alike, so that they may all better themselves beneath his saddened gaze, lest he be spurred into action once more.
PRC 82:1... The Faithful would find themselves comfortable in routine, and at ease within HIS blanket of silence; the quiet was a blessing from HIM that must never be wasted, lest PRAECURSOR himself speak again.
PRC 62:4... PRAECURSOR favors no-individual, for there is no such thing as nobility unless if man devotes himself in service to the WORD.
PRC 6:70... The Auxentine and the Handmaiden stood closest in faith to HIM, and thus will forever remain the favored seats of HIS will.
PRC 66:1... O' WORD, who art so binding, thank thee for our water and the crops with which thou giveth our meals. Ainsi soit-il..
PRC 66:2... May thy gift of strength guide us so thou mayst continue to have thy name spread. Blessed be thy gifts, and may we ne'er forget thy sacrifice.
NODD 6:20... We must love everyone, regardless if they love us or not; guide them to brevity with a opened palm, nary-a-clenched fist.
NODD 6:10... Marriage is submission; not only to each other, but to the WORD. The LUX, our divine connection to HIM.
NODD 7:20... Marriage is one of two paths to redemption. The other is monasticism. Love flows; either within, or without.
NODD 8:14... Learn to love like the WORD. Sit with patience, for that - alone - is the ultimate sign of endurance.
TUCA 5:12... CORRECTION comes by grace. Follow PRAECURSOR's law.
TUCA 6:17... Silence to the world, for the SIX SEATS left everything behind, and left MAN to pick up the pieces.
TUCA 7:16... The war within; comfort, pleasure, success. But the SIX - they left it all, for they feared what these temptings would provoke.
TUCA 9:3... Silence to the world means more; a hidden life. A quiet heart. A burning devotion to the WORD.
